Improve dogfooding guide (#34284)
dotnet/corefx: Documentation/project-docs/dogfooding.md

>   <PropertyGroup>

Reviewer: You can delete the "Remember the version number you picked, you'll need it below" line above. It is clearly not helpful and redundant with the comment you have added.

Reviewer: Also, I would change the step 1. from "Also, install the specific ..." to "Optionally, install the specific ..."; and renumber the steps to start from 1 instead of 0.

Author: done thank's!

    <OutputType>Exe</OutputType>
    <TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.0</TargetFramework>

>      <!-- modify version in this line with one reported by `dotnet --info` under ".NET Core runtimes installed" -> Microsoft.NETCore.App -->

Reviewer: Nit: Extra space at front. (I have noticed the suggestions insert extra spaces sometimes...)

>     <!-- modify build in this line with version reported by `dotnet --info` as above under ".NET Core runtimes installed" -> Microsoft.NETCore.App -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <!-- modify version in this line with one reported by `dotnet --info` under ".NET Core runtimes installed" -> Microsoft.NETCore.App -->
```

>   <PropertyGroup>

Reviewer: Could you please re-number the steps in "2: Self-contained" as well while you are on it?

Author: sure, I missed that

  <PropertyGroup>
    <OutputType>Exe</OutputType>
    <TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.0</TargetFramework>

>     <!-- modify build in this line with version reported by `dotnet --info` as above under ".NET Core runtimes installed" -> Microsoft.NETCore.App -->

Reviewer: For self-contained, this can be any valid Microsoft.NETCore.App package version from https://dotnet.myget.org/feed/dotnet-core/package/nuget/Microsoft.NETCore.App . You do not have to have it installed.

Author: added
```
<!-- modify build in this line with version reported by `dotnet --info` as above under ".NET Core runtimes installed" -> Microsoft.NETCore.App -->
<!-- moreover, this can be any valid Microsoft.NETCore.App package version from https://dotnet.myget.org/feed/dotnet-core/package/nuget/Microsoft.NETCore.App -->
```
